Python
- Learn OS module
- Review Python

NFT
* Look over these ideas and see which ones are best
- More artistic, but still mad

- Commom shapes (triangle, layered squares,
    different shapes in different functions
    example: shard with trangles, or maybe censor)

- Triangles or other shapes edging off the walls

- Less of just shapes, more mosaic combined shapes

- Connector shapes (rectangles than connect
    different shapes)

- More/Better glitch effects

- Stairs

- Repeating/Drag other shapes

- Fix code to make less randomzied and more
    probablity based. Optimize too or
    refactor or whatever.

- Website (GitHub Page or GitBook!) ★

Presentation
- Fix Script (ETH/Ether part, general)

- To Do (Main):
    Log probabilities and traits, and how they work.
    More names
    Fix shards and other traits that could need fixing or improvement

    What do we wanna focus on and tackle in order before we come up with any new ideas?

    NFTs feel too similar

        Can be changed with different traits, direction changes, rotation, and other things

    Seed

    Stair direction change
    Walls of drag/stairs?

    Random colors, but with a scheme
        
        Only one of each color per NFT

        Pervents colors that are too similar or ugly from being used

        Must be in NFT color scheme

    GIFs!

        Of the generation per step

        Save each generation iteration as an image

        Throw it as at an Image.save as a GIF with all the frames, then you're set.

    Trait Generating Algorithm

        Unqiue to each NFT, or a group of them

        Algorithm that basically creates different traits so you don't have to.

            Uses different shapes, colors, and things with an algorithm to create them, then applies it to a single one or a group of them.

                Could possibly give it a name.

        Could be better or worse than having to create a bunch by hand, think this through.


    Layered squares (Stretched?)
    Other things to improve it
    Make all NFTs look nice
    

    Incoporate more traits
    Incorporate more of a probability basis
    Rarity calculation (Ether Cost Calculation)
    Do something/add something with reroll specialty
    Super pixely theme (High outline/width or whatever for it)

    Different way to calculate cost asides for traits?

- Polygon it is!
    10k NFTs (need enough traits and things to create 1k unique NFTs)

    How can we generate 10k unique NFTs?

    NFT Trait Tracker (writes to a file, scans it, prevents NFTs from being identical or similar)

    Math:
        If you have 10k NFTs ranging from $3-$5, you could make a lot of money.
        Quanity > Cost
        In theory, you could make a few bucks hundred bucks, or a couple thousand, which either way is good.
        If sales go good, increase the price.

    Again, in order to create 10k NFTs, you need to create enough traits, colors, names, and other things for each of them to be unique.

    Cost calculation system is required. 
    Metadata system or whatever is required too, I suggest you learn about it.
    You may also wanna learn about NFTs, Ethereum, Ether, and Blockchains too.

    The mix of social media attention and website attention will surely make it succeeed.

    An NFT feedback forum would be cool too.

- Website
    You may want to start learning the perqusites for create your NFTs website.

    Heres what you need to learn:
        HTML (Book)
        CSS (Book)
        JavaScript (30 Days of JavaScript, Book)
        Some JavaScript framework (Vue.js or whatever)
    
    You can host it on a GitHub Page, or cough up the money to host it cheaply.